I want to talk to you today about what
the Bible has to say about dating you
know one of the first things that come
to my mind when I hear this was about to
say about dating if the Bible is clear
Corinthians where he says that we should
not fellowship with unbelievers that as
a believer we should not be in fact he
uses the word yoke yoke together let not
a believer be yoked together with an
unbeliever so that gives a picture of a
yoke of oxen being contained together
with the apparatus that they use to link
the Occident together connected to the
plow so as they walk together they are
connected leading the posse and there's
such a closeness such a tightness and
such a level of intimacy there between
the two they can't get away from one
another and so the Bible is clearly
using this picture that an unbeliever
and a believer should never be so
closely linked together so intimate with
one another he said simply because they
have no fellowship there's nothing in
common between light and darkness
between goodness and evil he said there
is nothing in common so you say well
what does this mean I can't have a
friend that's an unbelievable sure you
can Kristin sure you can but what he's
saying is that there's such a level of
intimacy that one should never attempt
to go in a dating relationship with an
unbeliever if in fact you are a believer
and why I'll tell you why in the days of
Solomon the Bible talks about how solid
it has a number of wise many wise many
concubines and princesses and and things
and sort and one of the things that they
did is that they begin to pull him away
from his relationship with God pull him
away from worshiping God see this is one
of the reasons why God instituted in the
Old Testament that they were neither the
truth of Israel and not
allowed to give their sons to foreign
women in marriage nor were they able to
or should they take foreign women for
their own sons and daughters and in
marriage simply because of that that
happening what would happen the
unbeliever would begin to pull the
believer away from those things that
they once held sacred and dear and so
that's an important part of dating as
believers we need to understand that we
must we must not come together and be
yoked and he's so intimate with someone
that simply doesn't believe like we
believe